What’s one ridiculous thing you’d buy if money was no object?
What’s a personal milestone you’re proud of achieving?
What's a long-term goal you’re working towards?
If you could live in any country for a year, which would it be?
What was your first job?
What's one item you could never travel without?
What’s the biggest personal challenge you’d like to overcome?
What clubs/extracurriculars were you in during school?
Have you ever tried an unusual hobby or activity?
What movie/book/game world would you most like to live in?
What's the best advice you ever got?
What’s one cultural tradition from anywhere in the world you find fascinating?
If you could be any animal for a day, which one would you be?
If you could have one superpower today, what would it be?
If you could live in the distant past or far future, which would you choose?
If you were a color, which one would you be, and why?
What's your favorite band of all time?
What’s something people don’t know about you?
What’s the last movie you quit watching early and why?
What is your favorite dessert?
Would you rather give up your smartphone or your computer?
What's your go-to productivity trick?
What’s a project you’ve always wanted to do but never had the time for?
What’s a strange or quirky talent you have?
If money/time were no object, what would you be doing right now?
You’ve been chosen to represent your country in a global competition. What sport or activity are you doing?
What’s one hobby you enjoy outside of work?
What's a movie or show you could watch over and over?
What's your favorite meal to cook?
What’s the worst haircut you ever had?
What's the weirdest food you've ever eaten?
What’s the most interesting place you’ve ever visited?
What’s the first hobby you remember enjoying?
What's your favorite way to start the day?
Name a TV show you think is underrated. Describe it in a sentence.
Would you pick a concert or a theater show if you had to attend a live performance?
Would you rather watch a movie at home or in a theater?
What's a fictional world you'd never want to live in?
What’s one daily routine you couldn’t live without?
If you could pick up a new skill in an instant, what would it be?
What's a skill you think everyone should have?
Do you have a favorite dinosaur - which one?
What would you do if you had a fully paid year-long break from work?
What's the most challenging hobby you've ever tried?
Would you rather talk like Yoda or breathe like Darth Vader?
Would you rather speak all languages or be able to talk with animals?
If your car had vanity plates, what would they say?
If you could safely eat any inedible object, what would it be?
What's a city you've visited that you could see yourself living in?
If you were to open a restaurant, what type of food would you serve?
Who inspires you in your field?
What is your favorite holiday?
Have you ever gotten lost while traveling? What happened?
Have you ever met a celebrity? How did it go?
What’s an album you recommend that has no bad songs?
What’s one subject you wish you knew more about?
If you could meet anyone in the world, who would it be?
What’s the best phrase or piece of slang people in your hometown use?
If you could time travel, when would you go to?
What country or culture has the best cuisine, in your opinion?
Would you rather be able to speak every language or play every instrument?
Who has been a great influence in your life?
If you could teleport anywhere, where would you go right now?
Would your favorite genre of TV?
Would you rather have a personal chef or a personal driver?
Which is best: breakfast, lunch, or dinner?
What’s one of your favorite recent memories?
Would you rather read people’s minds or be invisible for a day?
What is your favorite music genre?
What's your favorite seasonal treat?
Would you rather be an instant expert in science or art?
If you could describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
What's the best live performance you've ever seen?
What's your favorite song of all time?
What’s the last book you quit reading and why?
If you could give a shout-out to anyone, who would it be?
Who in your life would you want to switch places with for a day?
What’s a job you'd like to try for a week, just for fun?
What’s one skill you’ve gained from a job that you use in daily life?
If you could spend a day doing anything, what would it be?
Which would you choose: being the funniest person in the room or the smartest?
If your home was packed full of golf balls, how would you remove them?
If you were setting off to Mars and could take only one luxury item with you, what would it be?
What is your favorite breakfast?
If you could invent a new food combination, what would it be?
What’s the funniest thing you believed as a kid?
What thing from nature, excluding animals, best describes you today?
What's the best compliment you've ever received?
What’s one project you’re excited about?
Who is someone whose career path inspires you?
What's the best perk you've ever enjoyed at any job?
What's your guilty pleasure TV show?
What's your favorite time of day?
What's a skill you've been meaning to master but haven't started yet?
What food did you hate growing up?
What's a hobby you've picked up recently?
What’s an obscure TV show or movie that everyone should watch?
What music/song gets you out of a funk?
What's an appetizer you'd buy for the table just so you can have some?
Would you rather live by the beach or in a mountain cabin?
What's something you'd love to do in your lifetime that scares you?
Would you rather have the power to control the weather or communicate with animals?
What was your least favorite subject in school, and do you use it now in work?
If you could be a master chef in one type of cuisine, which would you pick?
If you could instantly change one thing about your day-to-day life, what would it be?
What’s the most useful item you’ve purchased this year?
If you were a beverage, which one would you be?
What's a skill or hobby you admire in others?
Do you prefer solo hobbies or group activities?
What's your favorite way to spend a Sunday?
If you could be famous for one thing, what would it be?
What's your favorite food from childhood?
If you had an extra hour per day, what would you do with the time?
Would you rather never be stuck in traffic again or never have to wait in line?
What's a quality you admire in others but find hard to practice yourself?
If you could become a supernatural creature at night, what would it be, and why?
What emoji represents you today and why?
If you could invent a holiday, what would it be, and what would you call it?
If you could master painting or dancing, which would you choose?
Who's the most inspiring person you've worked with?
What’s a unique tradition or festival you’d love to experience?
Would you rather be able to teleport or be able to fly?
What’s the most unusual pet you’d consider having?
Do you prefer road trips or air travel?
Who was your childhood hero?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be?
Would you rather experience the world’s most beautiful beaches or its most amazing mountains?
What’s your favorite thing about the place where you live?
Do you play any musical instruments?
If you could master any instrument instantly, which one would it be?
Who would play you in a movie about your life?
What's something about you that people often misunderstand?
If you could take a class on any subject, what would it be?
Is there a book/tv/movie series you're desperate to know the ending to right now?
What's a book/movie/song that was really influential to you?
What's the best advice you've ever given?
Which would you choose: unlimited books or unlimited movies?
If you could accomplish one big goal this year, what would it be?
What is your favorite season of the year?
What is your number one bucket list item?
What's something that always brings you joy, no matter what?
Which fictional character would you want by your side during a zombie apocalypse?
If you had to eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s a hobby or side project you’ve been meaning to take up?
Would you rather travel to the past or the future?
What is your favorite candy?
What's your go-to comfort food?
When you’re packing for a trip, what’s one thing (other than clothes) you always bring?
Would you rather have something sweet or savory?
If you could travel to any planet, which would you go to?
What’s the worst piece of advice you’ve ever been given? And why was it so bad?
If you could be on any reality TV show, which would it be?
If you’re at trivia night, what category would you know most about?
What's your preferred streaming service?
If you could switch places with any fictional character for a day, who would it be?
What's a work tool you couldn't live without?
If you could magically understand any language, which one would you choose?
If you could go back to school to study anything, what would you pick?
What was your favorite story/book/movie growing up?
What’s something you wish people knew about you?
What movie or TV show do you quote the most?
If you could trade jobs with anyone for a day, who would it be?
What's a thing outside work you consider yourself to be very good at?
If you could be fluent in another language instantly, which would you choose and why?
Would you rather have a rewind button or a pause button for life?
What do your family or other loved ones think you do for work?
What's the best food you've ever had while traveling?
If you could turn any activity into an Olympic sport, what would you excel at?
Would you rather explore space or the deep ocean?
What’s the weirdest thing in your fridge right now?
Who was the most memorable teacher or mentor you've had?
If you could be one other person, who would that person be and why?
What’s a character you think would be a great friend?
What’s a small habit you’d like to form to improve your daily life?
If you had to spend a week with no technology, how would you pass the time?
If you could design your dream workspace, what would it look like?
What’s a travel tip or trick you swear by?
What’s your favorite podcast, and why?
What’s the best topping for ice cream?
What’s the most interesting thing you’ve learned at work this year?
Do you prefer sunrises or sunsets?
Are you a "pineapple on pizza" person? Why or why not?
What's the last song you listened to on repeat?
Would you rather have coffee, tea, or neither?
What’s the worst job you ever had?
What’s your guilty pleasure when you have free time during the week?
Would you rather have a magical library or an enchanted garden?
Do you prefer having a planned schedule or being spontaneous?
What was your dream job growing up?
What's your favorite holiday in your culture?
What's the best dish you've ever made?
Do you prefer calling or texting?
What's your favorite way to unwind after a long workday?
What’s one skill you’d love to learn?
Would you rather always have to whisper or always have to shout?
If you had to sing karaoke right now, which song would you pick?
What's a popular food you've never tried?
Which do you prefer, oceans or mountains? Why?
What’s the best souvenir you’ve ever bought or received?
What’s the next item on your bucket list?
What’s your best dance move?
What’s a word or phrase in another language (or your own) that you really like?
What is the most used emoji on your phone right now?